This is line 1.
This is line 2.
http://www.mathlogarithms.com/images/ExplainingLogarithms.pdf

CHAPTER 1
=========

01. A web application is simply, or not so simply, an application that runs
    over the Web.

    The latest iterations of web applications must be as full featured and easy
    to use as traditional desktop applications.
    Yet in spite of the increasing variety in applications built on the web
    platform, the core workflow of these applications remains markedly
    consistent, a perfect oppurtunity for reuse.


02. The WEB is a simple affair: as with all good solutions, if it weren't simple,
    it probably wouldn't be successful.


03. Struts2 sits on top of two important technologies.

    At the heart of all Struts2 applications lie the client / server exchanges
    of the HTTP protocol.
    The Java Servlet API exposes this low-level HTTP communications to the Java
    Language.
    Struts2 uses the Servlet API so that we don't have to.


04. HTTP protocol is a stateless series of client / server message exchanges.

    HTTP was not originally designed to serve in the capacity that web
    application developers demand of it.
    It was meant for requesting and serving static HTML documents.

    HTTP has two hurdles to get over: it's stateless, and it's text based.


05. Java Servlet API exposes HTTP to the Java platform.
    This means that Java developers can write HTTP server code against an
    intuitive object-oriented abstraction of the HTTP client/server
    communications.

    The central figures in Java Servlet API are the Servlet, Request and
    Response objects.
    A Servlet is a singleton Java object whose whole purpose is to receive
    requests and return responses after some arbitrary back-end processing.

    Before you deploy servlets, you must first package them according to the
    standards.
    A web application's servlets and resources are packaged together in a
    specific directory struture and zipped up in an archive file with a .war
    extension.

    Web application are deployed in SERVLET CONTAINERS.
    A servlet is a special kind of application known as a MANAGED LIFE CYCLE
    APPLICATION.
    This means that you don't directly execute a servlet.
    You deploy it in a container and that container manages its execution by
    invoking the various life cycle methods.


06. In addition to exposing HTTP to the Java language, the Servlet API provides
    other important high-level functions, such as a session mechanism that
    allows us to correlate groups of requests from a given client.


07. There are many tasks that all web applications must solve as they go about
    their daily routine of processing requests.
    +   Binding request parameters to Java types

    +   Validating Data
        There are two levels of validation. In the first case, the string must
        be a valid representation of the Java type to which you want to convert
        (Java Data Type Validation). Then, the data must be validated against
        higher-level logic (Business Data Validation).

    +   Making calls to Business Logic

    +   Making calls to Data Layer

    +   Rendering Presentation Layer

    +   Providing Internationalization and Localization

